README.md, before:

# 2D Fluid Simulator
### In progress  
Made in Godot 3.4.2

![Screenshot 01](./Assets/Screenshot_11.png)
![Screenshot 02](./Assets/Screenshot_12.png)
![Screenshot 03](./Assets/Screenshot_13.png)
![Screenshot 03](./Assets/Screenshot_14.png)

## Description

A 2D fluid simulation implemented in Godot. The multi-pass solution is getting deprecated. A single-pass solution using a semi-lagrangian scheme (instead of the often referenced jacobi iterative method) is the focus of future development.

## Issues

A major hurdle to implementing even this much was the lack of multi-pass support. I used Godot's suggested means of simulating multi-pass post-processing from their documentation. However, each nested viewport appears to add a delay of a frame to the final output image. This problem becomes more pronounced as the number of levels to the iterative pressure gradient increases. Tutorials suggest setting it 50-100.

Attempting to switch the source of the initial velocity texture from itself to the previous frame's final velocity emphasizes the delay of the pressure gradient. The results either wash out, or end up teeter tottering back and forth every frame. Again, flashing lights warning.

## Reference Material
* https://developer.download.nvidia.com/books/HTML/gpugems/gpugems_ch38.html
* https://hal.inria.fr/inria-00596050/document
* https://softologyblog.wordpress.com/2019/03/13/vorticity-confinement-for-eulerian-fluid-simulations/
* https://www.ixm-ibrahim.com/explanations/2d-fluid-simulation
* https://github.com/PavelDoGreat/WebGL-Fluid-Simulation
* https://github.com/haxiomic/GPU-Fluid-Experiments
* https://github.com/mharrys/fluids-2d

Commit message:

INIT-03: Update README to highlight multi-pass approach.

README.md, after:

# 2D Fluid Simulator
### In progress  
Made in Godot 3.4.2

![Screenshot 01](./Assets/Screenshot_11.png)
![Screenshot 02](./Assets/Screenshot_12.png)
![Screenshot 03](./Assets/Screenshot_13.png)
![Screenshot 03](./Assets/Screenshot_14.png)

## Description

A 2D fluid simulation implemented in Godot.

I implemented both a single-pass and multi-pass approach. Single-pass uses Semi-Lagrangian scheme, while multi-pass uses the more commonly recommended Jacobi iterative method for calculating both pressure and viscosity. After some tuning, I found that the multi-pass approach looked the best. The instability could be avoided at the expense of accuracy, by lowering the number of iterations.

## Issues

A major hurdle to implementing even this much was the lack of multi-pass support. I used Godot's suggested means of simulating multi-pass post-processing from their documentation. However, each nested viewport appears to add a delay of a frame to the final output image. This problem becomes more pronounced as the number of levels to the iterative pressure gradient increases. Tutorials suggest setting it 50-100.

## Reference Material
* https://developer.download.nvidia.com/books/HTML/gpugems/gpugems_ch38.html
* https://hal.inria.fr/inria-00596050/document
* https://softologyblog.wordpress.com/2019/03/13/vorticity-confinement-for-eulerian-fluid-simulations/
* https://www.ixm-ibrahim.com/explanations/2d-fluid-simulation
* https://github.com/PavelDoGreat/WebGL-Fluid-Simulation
* https://github.com/haxiomic/GPU-Fluid-Experiments
* https://github.com/mharrys/fluids-2d
